Observing Istio control plane (#5835)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/istio/README.md

 
SkyWalking supports receiving multi-cluster metrics in a single OAP cluster. A `cluster` label should be appended to every metric
fetched by this receiver even there's only a single cluster needed to be collected.
You could leverage `relabel` to add it like below:

```
relabel_configs:
- source_labels: []
  target_label: cluster
  replacement: <cluster name>
```

Notice, if you try the sample of istio Prometheus Kubernetes configuration, 
the issues described [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/issues/2163) might block you. 
Try to use the solution indicated in this issue if it's not fixed.

#### OpenCensus exporter
Follow [OpenCensus exporter configuration](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/exporter/opencensusexporter/README.md)
to set up a connection between OpenTelemetry collector and OAP cluster. `endpoint` is the address of OAP gRPC service.

## Observe Istio

Open Istio Dashboard in SkyWaling UI by clicking `Dashboard` -> `Istio`, then you're able to view charts and diagrams
generated by Istio metrics. You also could view them by `swctl` and set up alarm rules based on them.

> NOTICE, if you want metrics of endpoint level, we recommend you to consider our [ALS solution](../envoy/als_setting.md)

Reviewer: This doc should relate to Istio control panel right? This statement makes me feel a little strange. I think you mean,
```suggestion
NOTICE, if you want metrics of Istio managed service, including topology among them, we recommend you to consider our [ALS solution](../envoy/als_setting.md)
```

```
relabel_configs:
- source_labels: []
  target_label: cluster
  replacement: <cluster name>
```

or opt to [Resource Processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/processor/resourceprocessor/README.md):

```
processors:
  resource:
    attributes:
    - key: cluster
      value: "<cluster name>"
      action: upsert
```

Notice, if you try the sample of istio Prometheus Kubernetes configuration, 
the issues described [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/issues/2163) might block you. 
Try to use the solution indicated in this issue if it's not fixed.

#### OpenCensus exporter
Follow [OpenCensus exporter configuration](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/exporter/opencensusexporter/README.md)
to set up a connection between OpenTelemetry collector and OAP cluster. `endpoint` is the address of OAP gRPC service.

## Observe Istio

Open Istio Dashboard in SkyWaling UI by clicking `Dashboard` -> `Istio`, then you're able to view charts and diagrams
generated by Istio metrics. You also could view them by `swctl` and set up alarm rules based on them.

> NOTICE, if you want metrics of Istio managed service, including topology among them, we recommend you to consider our [ALS solution](../envoy/als_setting.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTICE, if you want metrics of Istio managed services, including topology among them, we recommend you to consider our [ALS solution](../envoy/als_setting.md)
```

Reviewer: This doc has been changed, https://github.com/apache/skywalking/tree/68cc1ddea0eaa110ab4275cbf4f0f81040c3f8fe/docs/en/setup

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5441976/100050055-a0cec200-2e53-11eb-83a6-84f9fc31136e.png)

Reviewer: This doc, https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/concepts-and-designs/service-mesh-probe.md, includes Mixer too.

I think you need to run a text search about `istio` and `mixer` to replace the mixer things.

Author: done
